proImageshop Readme:

Virtually all of my code is located in AdvancedImageFilters, BlurImage, ColoringImage, FullImage, ImageshopController.
Also, in imageshop.fxml and styles.css.  ImageshopController also has some of Adam's code that I used with his permission.

1. Coloring and Filter pen filers stack.  You can do several and they will
all save in addition to one another on the image.

2.  Only a single advanced, blur, sepia, or hue tone saves on the photo at a time.
So, if you blur and then try to set hue it will not stack; your blur will become a hue.

3. Scaling factor is only available so that user can see the picture he/she
is editing.  I was having a problem that some huge images were impossible
to see the entirety of (and some small images were too small).  This scaling factor will scale the image to the screen
so you can play with it.  It wont actually save the image to a different size though.

4.  Any unused code in this application is code that someone may want to make the application bigger / more complex.
For example, I left the singleton (Adam's code) even though I don't use most of it.  I also left a few setters that I don't use and a
few methods within ImageTransform that I don't really use.  This is still good code that could be useful if this thing
ever becomes more complex.


Project specs:

1. user can open a .jpg or .png.  On my computer there is a drop menu so you can view
either .jpg or .pngs that are available for open. You can also save file as .jpg or .png by just clicking save as and typing:
image_title.jpg  or image_title.png.

2.  I have more than 10 unique filter transforming operations.
    I have 8 coloring filters, 2 slider filters, 3 blur filters, 3 advanced filters.  Some of these are similar, but
    I had fun messing with each individually.

4. The menus at the top of my GUI can be used to execute various commands per
project specs.

5.  Click Maven Projects, open Lifecycle and double click install. The jar will appear in
your target directory.  It did for me.

6.  I have gone above and beyond filters and features in a couple ways I guess. It could certainly be a
better application, but it could also be worse :-D. (Note about reflection: if you can't see it, size your image smaller
and it will appear at the bottom of the screen image).

7. User can make a selection and apply multiple filters to that selection. Brushes also exist that can color
the image in a variety of brush shapes.

8.  User can undo and redo as many times as he / she wants as long as  the computer in
use has the memory to hold that many FullImage objects.  I have undo / redo'ed more
than 50 times on my machine.


Any additional questions / issues feel free to e-mail (ralef7@gmail.com) or call (860) 546-8721

